# Team Meeting on 4/13/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/4/13/3:30 PM

## Meeting End Time

2025/4/13/4:00 PM

## Location/Medium

Online/Discord

## Present

Corey, Harry

## Minute Recorder

Harry

## Things worked on
- Went over the Project Poster
- Went over changes that we have made

## Things Clarified
- Harry: Finish adding variants to exisiting question
- Corey merge the adding answer to existing branch
- Try to finish all features by wednesday
- Then focus on clean up 
