# Client Meeting on 9/19/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/09/19/11:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/09/19/11:40

## Location/Medium

Online/Zoom

## Present

Kerry, Caige, Collin, Corey, Evan, Harry, John, Kris, Spenser

## Minute Recorder

Kris

## Topics Discussed

- Introductions
- What are the processes for the CMS:
  + Using Tailwind CSS for styling with React for the front-end.
  + Creating HTML templates styled with Tailwind, then converting them into JSON files.
- Main Goal for CMS:
  + To create an easier and more efficient content managment system, prioritizing content editing.
  + Focuses on flexibility and ease of use for content managers.
- Options Considered:
  + Strap.io as a potential CMS solution, noted for being easier for the team.
- Course Content Management:
  + A simpler method for making changes to the simulation content.
  + If a question is deleted, already answered questions, the student's performance record remains unnaffected. For unanswered questions, they dissapear without affecting student performance.
  + Quizzes should generate a similar question if the original one is answered incorrectly.
  + A delete function for courses would be beneficial.
  + Courses have no status for start or end dates (ex. Intertwined's Legacy Courses). It;s necessary to establish end dates, which determine when courses will dissapear.
-  Database Structure:
   + A single large database containing lesson content, HTML, and Tailwind styling. There is a possibility of restructuring this setup for improved organization.
- Tech Stack
  + Backend: Uses .NET.
  + Log-on system should utilize ASP.NET identity to avoid building a custom authentication system.
- Media Storage:
  + Photos are stored within react projects.
  + YouTube video links are embedded.
  + Consider implementing an organized upload and storage structure within the AWS bucket.

## Things Clarified

Whatever the plan is for next week.

- 
